(BOLT-1408) Add task plugin (#1054)
puppetlabs/bolt: pre-docs/inventory_version2.md

            hostname: facts.networking.interfaces.en0.ipaddress
```

#### Task

> The Task plugin will run a task on `localhost` to lookup configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Task plugin will run a task on `localhost` to lookup connection configuration
```

> information or target lists for inventory..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
information or target lists for inventory.
```

For both use cases the plugin accepts two keys:
* `task`: The task to run.
* `parameters`: The parameters to pass to the task.

> example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, this would equivalent to running `bolt task run my_json_file::targets -n localhost file=/etc/targets/data.json environment=production app=my_app`:
```

```
---
version: 2
targets:
  - _plugin: task
    task: my_json_file::targets
    parameters:
      # These parameters are specific to the task
      file: /etc/targets/data.json
      environment: production
      app: my_app
config:
  ssh:
    password:
      _plugin: task
      task: my_db::secret_lookup
      parameters:
        # These parameters are task specific
        key: ssh_password
```

##### Inventory Config Tasks

> To lookup configuration information for the inventory return a `config` key in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To look up configuration information for the inventory return a `config` key in
```

> To lookup configuration information for the inventory return a `config` key in

Reviewer: "To look up connection configuration return a hash or JSON object with a `config` key from the task. The hash should be the only thing output by the task. The value of `config` can be any form of data that is appropriate for the
specific location in config. For example `host-key-check` should be a boolean value, `run-as` should be a string, and `run-as-command` should be an array, so a task that sets these should return:
```
{
"config": {
  "host-key-check": true,
  "run-as": "sudo-user",
  "run-as-command": [ "sudo", "-k", "-S", "-E", "-u", "user", "-p", "password"] 
}
}
```

the task containing the data that should be using in place of the plugin entry.
The value of config can be any form of data that is appropriate for the
specific location in config. where it is used.

> 

Reviewer: For example, this task reads in a JSON file, gets a secret key, and returns <output>.

```python
#!/usr/bin/env python
import json, sys

params = json.load(sys.stdin)
with open(params['file']) as fh:
  data = json.load(fh)
targets = data[params['environment']][params['app']]

> json.dump({'targets': targets}, sys.stdout)

Reviewer: I think you have the examples and text switched.

```

##### Inventory Target Tasks

> To lookup a list of targets for inventory return a `targets` list from task.

Reviewer: To look up a list of targets for inventory return a hash or JSON object that includes a  `targets` key with an array value from task. Each item in this list should be a `Target` json object matching the format you would use in a `targets` section of the inventory file. Bare string targets are not valid.

            hostname: facts.networking.interfaces.en0.ipaddress
```

> #### Task

Reviewer: It might be worth making a bit more noise about this, since users can write their own inventory plugins now. Maybe a level-3 heading of "Writing Inventory Plugins as Tasks" or something?

Author: This is not writing your own plugin. You are always using the `task` plugin. I can move it to the top though?

The Task plugin will run a task on `localhost` to lookup configuration

> information or target lists for the inventory..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
information or target lists for the inventory.
```

For both use cases the plugin accepts two keys:
* `task`: The task to run.
* `parameters`: The parameters to pass to the task.

> For example this will run the `my_json_file::targets` task to lookup targets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example this will run the `my_json_file::targets` task to look up targets
```

> and the `my_db::secret_lookup` task to lookup the ssh password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the `my_db::secret_lookup` task to look up the ssh password.
```

```
---
version: 2
targets:
  - _plugin: task
    task: my_json_file::targets
    parameters:
      # These parameters are specific to the task
      file: /etc/targets/data.json
      environment: production
      app: my_app
config:
  ssh:
    password:
      _plugin: task
      task: my_db::secret_lookup
      parameters:
        # These parameters are task specific
        key: ssh_password
```

##### Inventory Config Tasks

> To lookup configuration information for the inventory return a `config` key in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To look up configuration information for the inventory return a `config` key in
```

> the task result containing the data that should be using in place of the plugin entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the task result containing the data that will be used in place where the plugin entry is.
```

The value of config can be any type of data that is appropriate for the
specific location in config. For example `host-key-check` for ssh must be a

> boolean, `password` must be a string and `run-as-command must be an array of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
boolean, `password` must be a string and `run-as-command` must be an array of
```
